In our part 1 of the project, we used multiple ensemble models as well as linear models to test and make predictions. Comparatively, we saw that linear regression worked the best in regards to mean squared error for test.csv. We tested different KNN and RandomizedSearch hyperparameters and not for the rest of the models. However these resulted in a higher mean squared error than Linear Regression in the end. With this in mind, we expect the predictions generated by the Linear Regression model to be the most accurate and significant. The key features that made an impact on our predictions were the type of model used, the hyperparameters, as well as the variables we selected as predictors. In this part we utilized 'bedrooms', 'bathrooms', 'floor_count', 'size_sqft', 'has_washer_dryer', 'has_roofdeck', 'has_doorman', 'has_dishwasher', 'has_concierge', 'has_elevator'. These were the features used to fit the model in order to predict the rent price.

For the next part of our project, we have several ideas in mind in order to improve our performance. Given that, intuitively, the location of the residence is one of the major drivers of rent price we will attempt to use categorical data from our sets in order in addition to the features we used in round 1. This will mainly be neighborhood or borough, but not both due to the fact that these two are heavily correlated with each other. We will do this by encoding these features with one method or another such as one hot encoding, label encoding, etc. As mentioned we only experimented with hyperparameters with KNN and RSCV, for the next part we will see if we can achieve a more significant prediction by tweaking the hyperparameters of our most successful models. In addition we are looking for other datasets online that may bring another predictive factor we can train our models on. 


### Mean Squared Errors (Test 1)
| Model | Mean Squared Errors |
| ------ | ------ |
| Random Forest | 570364.2794636443|
| Bagging Regressor | 447217.7302967674 |
| Gradient Boosting | 2133050.236497565 |
| Ada Boost Regressor | 5835605.475630233 |
| KNN | 3197265.023415816 |
| Voting Regressor | 1347268.2668490182 |
| Linear Regression | 3680742.7922809115 |
| Randomized Search CV | 2290575.5521978405 |
| Randomized Search CV (Best Params) | 2290575.5521978405 |

### Mean Squared Errors (Test 2)
| Model | Mean Squared Errors |
| ------ | ------ |
| Random Forest | 7469921.004313083 |
| Bagging Regressor | 7779442.2744454695|
| Gradient Boosting | 7469921.004313083 |
| Ada Boost Regressor | 12070655.83057286 |
| KNN | 5121476.26826033 |
| Voting Regressor | 6096437.819029653 |
| Linear Regression | 4765059.741542864 |
| Randomized Search CV | 6796516.256468636|
| Randomized Search CV (Best Params) | 6796516.256468636|

